[IMP] web: update javascript odoo modules (#7640)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/frontend/javascript_modules.rst

Native Javascript Modules
=========================

Odoo javascript code uses the native javascript module system. This is simpler, and
brings the benefits of a better developer experience with a better integration with the IDE.

There is a very important point to know: by default Odoo transpiles files under
`/static/src` and `/static/tests` into :ref:`Odoo modules <frontend/modules/odoo_module>`.

> This is an opt-out system, it's possible to tell the transpiler to ignore the file.

Reviewer: I would put here the last example, with ignore

Then, a blank line, and "In other folders..."

Native Javascript Modules
=========================

Odoo javascript code uses the native javascript module system. This is simpler, and
brings the benefits of a better developer experience with a better integration with the IDE.

There is a very important point to know: by default Odoo transpiles files under
`/static/src` and `/static/tests` into :ref:`Odoo modules <frontend/modules/odoo_module>`.

> This is an opt-out system, it's possible to tell the transpiler to ignore the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an opt-out system, it's possible to tell the transpiler to ignore the file. Odoo will look at the
first line of a JS file and check if it contains the string *@odoo-module ignore*. If so, the file will
be ignored by the transpiler and kept as is.
```

.. code-block:: javascript

  /** @odoo-module ignore **/
  (function () {
    const sum = (a, b) => a + b;
    console.log(sum(1, 2));

>   )();

Reviewer: either add
"Note the comment in the first line: it describes that this file should be ignored."
here, or remove that similar line below (it has low added value imo, as it's pretty obvious what to look for, but I'm not against keeping it)

> In other folders Odoo needs to know which files should be transpiled and which
> files should not be transpiled. This is an opt-in system: Odoo will look at the
> first line of a JS file and check if it contains the string *@odoo-module*. If so, it will
> automatically be converted to an Odoo module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other folders, files aren't transpiled default, it is opt-in. Odoo will look at the
first line of a JS file and check if it contains the string *@odoo-module*. If so, it will
automatically be converted to an Odoo module.
```

Native Javascript Modules
=========================

Odoo javascript code uses the native javascript module system. This is simpler, and
brings the benefits of a better developer experience with a better integration with the IDE.

Let us consider the following module, located in :file:`web/static/src/file_a.js`:

.. code-block:: javascript

  import { someFunction } from "./file_b";

  export function otherFunction(val) {
      return someFunction(val + 3);
  }

There is a very important point to know: by default Odoo transpiles files under
`/static/src` and `/static/tests` into :ref:`Odoo modules <frontend/modules/odoo_module>`.

> This file will then be transpiled into an Odoo module that look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file will then be transpiled into an Odoo module that looks like this:
```

.. code-block:: javascript

  odoo.define('@web/file_a', ['@web/file_b'], function (require) {
  'use strict';
  let __exports = {};

  const { someFunction } = require("@web/file_b");

  __exports.otherFunction = function otherFunction(val) {
      return someFunction(val + 3);
  };

  return __exports;
  )};

So, as you can see, the transformation is basically adding `odoo.define` on top
and updating the import/export statements.

> This is an opt-out system, it's possible to tell the transpiler to ignore the file.

Reviewer 2: Pay attention that RST ignores single line breaks. So if you intend to create a new paragraph, you should add a blank line. If not, it's fine to start the new sentence on the previous line.

.. code-block:: javascript

  /** @odoo-module ignore **/
  (function () {
    const sum = (a, b) => a + b;
    console.log(sum(1, 2));
  )();

Note the comment in the first line: it describes that this file should be ignored.

In other folders, files aren't transpiled by default, it is opt-in. Odoo will look at the

> first line of a JS file and check if it contains a comment with *@odoo-module*. If so, it will

Reviewer: I assume `@odoo-module ignore` doesn't transpile xD

  }

Note the comment in the first line: it describes that this file should be converted.
This comment is optional for files under `static/src` and `static/tests`.

> Elsewhere, any file without this comment will be kept as-is. This file will then be

Reviewer: this part where we describe how it is transpiled should be put on top, even before explaining how to disable it.

Here's how I see it:
 - intro (we use native modules, simpler, IDE...)
 - but we transpile everything in src and tests in odoo modules -> exemple de code transpilé
 - can be disabled with odoo-module ignore (odoo will check first line blablabla)
 - in other folders, no transpiler by default, can be enable with odoo-module

.. code-block:: javascript

  /** @odoo-module **/
  import {something} from `./file_a`;

But :file:`file_c` need to use the full name:

.. code-block:: javascript

  /** @odoo-module **/
  import {something} from `@web/file_a`;

Sometimes files under `static/src` or `static/tests` should not be transpiled
by default. It's possible to tell the transpiler to ignore those files by
adding the tag `ignore`.

.. code-block:: javascript

  /** @odoo-module ignore **/

>   odoo.define("web.notTranspiled", [], function (require) {

Reviewer: I would not use an odoo.define as example, as we don't want people to ever write that anymore. Instead, I would simply have an iife or something
